This story is about two brothers Heungbu and Nolbu. 
Heungbu, the younger brother is kind while Nolbu, the older brother, is cruel. 
After their parents death Nolbu kicks Heungbu out of the house and ignores him when asked for help.
 In the story Nolbu learns what it means to be compassionate and generous.
Once upon a time there were two brothers, Heungbu and Nolbu.
 The younger brother Heungbu had a kind heart, but the older brother Nolbu was very greedy and crancky.
 Nolbu was always planning.
 “How can I play tricks on people today?” 
‘Use a slingshot to break pots’, ‘hit a crying baby’, ‘pile drive all of the pumpkins’, 
‘Spoil something when all is going well’.... Nolbu’s grumpyness got worse everyday,
 which made his parents always worried.

However, Heungbu was nothing like his brother and would play happily with the other children from the village.
This made Nolbu grow with anger inside because he wanted to play too, but he was too mean. So, Nolbu was always 
scheming for the perfect way to ruin Heungbu's day. One normal day, Nolbu hatched the perfect plan. He decided 
he would steal the bracelet of the girl that he knew Heungbu liked and put it into Heungbu's bag. Once the girl
realized it was gone, Nolbu came forward and said that he saw Heungbu take the bracelet. He searched Heungbu's bag
infront of the girl and produced her bracelet. She was so was so happy that Nolbu had found the bracelet and was
very angry at Heungbu for taking it. She stopped spending time with Heungbu and started spending time with Nolbu.
Heungbu was very angry at his brother but forgave his brother which confused Nolbu.

The girl was kind to Nolbu in a way no one else had been before. He learned that her name was Nongae, and she
was well-acquainted with most of the kids from the village. Once Nolbu spent more time with Nongae, her
friends naturally took notice of him. He was certainly a rougher character than anyone else they had met,
but the other children were willing to overlook a couple of his faultss because he was Nongae's friend.
Since Nolbu was suddenly able to play with the other kids, he began to learn other ways of thinking.
"How can I show someone I remember their face?"
'Find the biggest pumpkin and deliver it to the kitchens', 'Come up with a fun game to play in the fields',
'Help someone realize their mistakes can be fixed', 'Mend a sparrow's leg, instead of breaking it myself'...
These were the ways of kindness, and Nolbu's rough edges began to wear down. But he was still angry with
Heungbu; Nolbu could not forgive his brother for forgiving him so readily. He did not understand how 
his brother could have done so, and nowadays he was cranky because of guilt.  


